The task was prepared as part of a recruitment assignment. The goal of the task was to create a simple mechanism for rotating gears, utilizing the Steam VR plugin. The repository was prepared in 2022 within short time time. 
The base repository contains 3 scenes depicting different solution variants -> Simplest_rotator contains the simplest variant, where 2 identical objects are rotated. 
The second variant presented in TwoGears_ToothDepended includes a solution that takes into account the number of teeth of the gears, which is necessary to connect two gears with a different number of teeth, resulting in the final gear having a different angular speed than the first gear. 
The scene ManyGears_ToothDepended shows an example arrangement of several gears with different numbers. It is a modular solution that allows for the expansion of the system with any number of gears as long as they are connected in series into one system. I considered expanding the script to include the possibility of creating several parallel systems, but this was not the subject of the task.

In the SteamVRVersion branch, there is a solution intended for use in VR (one additional scene, two additional scripts). As I mentioned in the commit notes, to fully utilize the capabilities of a class inheriting from CircularDrive.cs, I had to make changes regarding the accessibility level from private to protected and change UpdateLinearMapping in the original to virtual void. I probably could have solved this differently by reading the value from LinearMapping.cs only when the user is touching the interactable (by connecting to the HandHoverBegin and HandHoverEnd events), but I did not choose this solution.

I considered connecting the gears in a kinematic system using HingeJoint and FixedJoint, but this would require preparing appropriate convex mesh colliders shaped like individual teeth and then properly positioning them around the circumference of the gear.
